ok hi to all you are with planet
gt and feline today we try the
peugeot 908
we will try to give you one
maximum information in boss time
because we are a bit late
the peugeot 208 is replacing the
107 and all with modernity and
a much more pronounced feline character
but is that enough to make it
a good city is the question
that we will try to answer
and this through several points of
first points aesthetically brakes
tell me what you think it
so I'm pretty fan of design
outside anyway without really that
it is true that joe outside
the back is cute enough to be visited
yesterday
good car overall
aesthetically and I have the same opinion
that aesthetically drags it's true that
the day when the shot managed to score
very strongly his identity in the 108
whereas it is recalled that it is a basis
common with Toyota and Citroen
find the Peugeot claws on the
headlights we have the ceret lights in the front
and frankly it's very successful
it's a car that will please
certainly on the aesthetic corner more
to women and it's moreover
she that the Peugeot aims first is
clearly aesthetically the car has
a very good idea
Okay
b
in terms of livability there without him
managed a pretty interesting thing it's
true that it is very compact and
the front we are really good
installed we may be able to put
in question the seats that for
some people can is by
maybe a bit too hard but
overall comfort and shame ran
will you say that compared to the 107 we
is a true evolution lets
a much better hold of the seats
everything is really well evolve in the
good sense of the term
all the little flaws we could
blame the 107 we were completely
erased on the stage fast so overall
this is a good thing
the cabin of the 108 is not crazy but
it has the merit of offering more than the
minimum in a small space
the dashboard of notes can be
a little too much of the outside standing but
note the arrival of a screen
touch and automatic air conditioning not too much
poorly integrated rear seats are
rather limited for large
people
but in a general way the 108 manages
very well his little space in you
even offering a back seat
split to increase the space of
needs chest and actually the 108
improves compared to the 107 setra
we who say it we always have
hard plastics in the fast smell but
we feel that there is a job to do
on it
the finishes are much better levis
we had apparent defects on the 107
we do not have today anymore so he
a nice effort of fact what is
interesting with this version 708 it's
we have two versions a version with
a hard roof and we also have the 108
top that we have here and that allows you if
you want to know how to make noise by
against having the right opens it's a
very interesting option is pleasant and
which allows you to have a very big
eight light in the cockpit and
frankly it's a very point
interesting so actually the 108
top is something that will
to please the basic idea is that since
you have a tendency to a lot
used our smartphones today at
instead of putting a gps directly into
the tactical screen of the car
the brands have made the choice of you
allow to replicate the screen of your
smartphone on the touch screen
the problem we could see in
the use is that we have a time of
important latency in addition to that the
system uses the gps of your
phone the 3g of your phone and
so as soon as you are in an area
skin but you are no longer connected and
right away you lose all
the information you were getting
to use ideally it would have been necessary
that the GPS is directly integrated into
the touch screen of the 108 which has the
deserves to be very responsive
the opposite of mirror technology
screen is hoped that updates
will improve everything and yes we have
certainly a reversing camera but on a
if little car the gps is much more
important
in terms of road behavior I must
to say that the car suit jacket
dell is made for ie rolling
in town and she does it very well
it's true that actually it stays
a city dweller as soon as one starts to
solicit a little more
aggressive and we will go to try
to have fun on small roads
campaign
for example we have a car that is
a lot more floating and we feel that
to have the car was not thought
for that but in general no
car that is doing very well and I
tell me that this little one that our 108
is a very nice surprise we have a
appreciable comfort on all
roads elsewhere that's what is very
appreciable is that it is not
only a car with which you
can drive in town
if you can also ride in the countryside
or lessors and the car will do its
job
we come to the end of the test of the
108 and overall it's a car that
is interesting
fran if you advise me to give a
advice an opinion on the car that this
that you would tend to say to
people who are trying to get you
burst then a council really me this
what would I do if I were to defend one
of both vti 82 simply because
than
the 68 I find a little fair if we get
really sticks to the city or to the
near periphery for example as
around Paris it's okay but if you
really want to have a car a
docu versatile and we hear
go out
of agglomeration well I advise
really to take the 82 which has a lot
more fishing that respond a lot
better
I have a lot more local and got
violence to if it really is a car
that you want to use in a way
versatile and not just in the
city go to the motor 82
horses
after globally the successful 108
its goals in the sense that it comes to
follow the upscaling of peugeot on
cleans turkey concretely am
the same peugeot identity be it
especially outside actually
since we see in his design we have
an interior that offers
technologies that are what they are
that is to say that for example as I
you said mirroring it's not
necessarily that next to 100 da air conditioning
automatic
we have denoted helpers as we have a
reversing camera on to the back camera
she in the image of thomas of the same if
personally we would have preferred a GPS
to the backup camera but overall
it's a car that's interesting
which offers novelties that are
attractive and that serves could be
much more evolved but frankly
weary 8 as a whole remains a
convincing car that has a very
good a very good comfort in driving and
who in addition to that will do with his roof
opening in version 108 ap a very good
car to have fun
when the weather and the party
this test we liked open to them in
believe of you can follow me on
facebook twitter and full in style
social networks I make you plenty of
little kisses and I say goodbye
Jan 10
knee father design
but no that's okay let's say that
it's okay or it breaks